Added the note for --service-account-issuer flag. (#31237)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account.md

command line arguments to `kube-apiserver`:

* `--service-account-issuer`

     It can be used as the Identifier of the service account token issuer. You can specify the `--service-account-issuer` argument multiple times, this can be useful to enable a non-disruptive change of the issuer. When this flag is specified multiple times, the first is used to generate tokens and all are used to determine which issuers are accepted. You must be running running Kubernetes v1.22 or later to be able to specify `--service-account-issuer` multiple times.
* `--service-account-key-file`

     File containing PEM-encoded x509 RSA or ECDSA private or public keys, used to verify ServiceAccount tokens. The specified file can contain multiple keys, and the flag can be specified multiple times with different files. If specified multiple times, tokens signed by any of the specified keys are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.
* `--service-account-signing-key-file`

>      Path to the file that contains the current private key of the service account token issuer. The issuer will sign issued ID tokens with this private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Path to the file that contains the current private key of the service account token issuer. The issuer signs issued ID tokens with this private key.
```

* `--api-audiences` (can be omitted)

>      The service account token authenticator will validate that tokens used against the API are bound to at least one of these audiences. If `api-audiences` is specified multiple times, tokens for any of the specified audiences are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server. If the `--service-account-issuer` flag is configured and this flag is not, this field defaults to a single element list containing the issuer URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The service account token authenticator validates that tokens used against the API are bound to at least one of these audiences. If `api-audiences` is specified multiple times, tokens for any of the specified audiences are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server. If the `--service-account-issuer` flag is configured and this flag is not, this field defaults to a single element list containing the issuer URL.
```

Author: Thanks, @jimangel for taking a look at this.
I will modify it soon.

Author: Hi, @jimangel  
I have Addressed the comment. Please take a look!

* `--service-account-signing-key-file`
* `--api-audiences` (can be omitted)

You can specify the `--service-account-issuer` argument multiple times. This can be useful to
enable a non-disruptive change of the key for an issuer.
You must be running running Kubernetes v1.22 or later to be able to specify

> `--service-account-issuer` multiple times.

Reviewer 2: This isn't _wrong_ but it's also not at all clear (to a reader) what the deal is about specifying the other arguments such as `--service-account-key-file` multiple times.

Readers have to go and look at https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/ to work it out.
It would be nice to save them some of that effort.

Author: Hi @sftim, can we write like this so that Readers have some info regarding these flags? Please take a look and let me know your thoughts on this. if it seems good then I will add this.
```
`--service-account-issuer`  can use for the Identifier of the service account token issuer. The issuer will assert this identifier in the "iss" claim of issued tokens. This value must be a string or URI.

You can specify specified `--service-account-key-file` flag multiple times with different files, It must be specified when 
`--service-account-signing-key` is provided. This File contains PEM-encoded x509 RSA or ECDSA private or public keys which are used to verify ServiceAccount tokens. No need for k8s version v1.22 or greater, it also works in the lower version of k8s v1.22.

You can use `--service-account-signing-key-file` flag for the path to the file that contains the current private key of the service account token issuer. The issuer will sign issued ID tokens with this private key.

You can use `--api-audiences ` flag for Identifiers of the API. We can specify multiple audiences for whom the token is used. You can omit it also if not specified then it defaults to a single element list containing the issuer URL.

For more information please see various flags used in [kube-apiserver](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/).
```

Reviewer 3: The behavior when the flags are specified times should be described. If `service-account-key-file` or `api-audiences` is specified multiple times, tokens signed by any of the specified keys or for any of the specified audiences are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.

Author: Hi @liggitt Thanks for looking at this.

> The behavior when the flags are specified times should be described. If `service-account-key-file` or `api-audiences` is specified multiple times, tokens signed by any of the specified keys or for any of the specified audiences are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.

Sure, I will add this thing to it.

Author: Hi, @liggitt @sftim  I modified it acc. to the suggestion. we can append these lines to the commit. Please take a look at this one,  and let me know any kind of changes or modifications you want.

```
`--service-account-issuer`  can use for the Identifier of the service account token issuer. The issuer will assert this identifier in the "iss" claim of issued tokens. This value must be a string or URI. If `service-account-issuer` is specified multiple times, tokens issued by any of the specified issuers are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.

You can specify specified `--service-account-key-file` flag multiple times with different files, It must be specified when 
`--service-account-signing-key` is provided. This File contains PEM-encoded x509 RSA or ECDSA private or public keys which are used to verify ServiceAccount tokens. No need for k8s version v1.22 or greater, it also works in the lower version of k8s v1.22. If `service-account-key-file` is specified multiple times, tokens signed by any of the specified keys are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.

You can use `--service-account-signing-key-file` flag for the path to the file that contains the current private key of the service account token issuer. The issuer will sign issued ID tokens with this private key.

You can use `--api-audiences ` flag for Identifiers of the API. We can specify multiple audiences for whom the token is used. You can omit it also if not specified then it defaults to a single element list containing the issuer URL. If `api-audiences` is specified multiple times, tokens for any of the specified audiences are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.

For more information please see various flags used in [kube-apiserver](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/).
```

Thanks.

Author: Hi @sftim @liggitt  
Could you please take a look? and  let me know your thoughts on this.

> Hi, @liggitt @sftim I modified it acc. to the suggestion. we can append these lines to the commit. Please take a look at this one, and let me know any kind of changes or modifications you want.
> 
> ```
> `--service-account-issuer`  can use for the Identifier of the service account token issuer. The issuer will assert this identifier in the "iss" claim of issued tokens. This value must be a string or URI. If `service-account-issuer` is specified multiple times, tokens issued by any of the specified issuers are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.
> 
> You can specify specified `--service-account-key-file` flag multiple times with different files, It must be specified when 
> `--service-account-signing-key` is provided. This File contains PEM-encoded x509 RSA or ECDSA private or public keys which are used to verify ServiceAccount tokens. No need for k8s version v1.22 or greater, it also works in the lower version of k8s v1.22. If `service-account-key-file` is specified multiple times, tokens signed by any of the specified keys are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.
> 
> You can use `--service-account-signing-key-file` flag for the path to the file that contains the current private key of the service account token issuer. The issuer will sign issued ID tokens with this private key.
> 
> You can use `--api-audiences ` flag for Identifiers of the API. We can specify multiple audiences for whom the token is used. You can omit it also if not specified then it defaults to a single element list containing the issuer URL. If `api-audiences` is specified multiple times, tokens for any of the specified audiences are considered valid by the Kubernetes API server.
> 
> For more information please see various flags used in [kube-apiserver](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/).
> ```
> 
> Thanks.

> `--service-account-issuer` multiple times.

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest something like this:

```
You can specify the `--service-account-issuer` argument multiple times.
This can be useful to enable a non-disruptive change of the issuer.
The first issuer specified is used when signing new tokens,
and all of the specified issuers are accepted when validating tokens presented to the API server.
You must be running running Kubernetes v1.22 or later to be able to specify
`--service-account-issuer` multiple times.
```

Author: Thanks, @liggitt  for looking at this.
this sounds good +1
> I'd suggest something like this:
> 
> ```
> You can specify the `--service-account-issuer` argument multiple times.
> This can be useful to enable a non-disruptive change of the issuer.
> The first issuer specified is used when signing new tokens,
> and all of the specified issuers are accepted when validating tokens presented to the API server.
> You must be running running Kubernetes v1.22 or later to be able to specify
> `--service-account-issuer` multiple times.
> ```

But this is only for --service-account-issuer flag,  should I mention about others flag or go with only  --service-account-issuer flag.

Reviewer 3: We can copy in the CLI flag doc if that's helpful:

`--service-account-key-file`:
  * File containing PEM-encoded x509 RSA or ECDSA private or public keys, used to verify ServiceAccount tokens. The specified file can contain multiple keys, and the flag can be specified multiple times with different files.

`--service-account-issuer`:
  * When this flag is specified multiple times, the first is used to generate tokens and all are used to determine which issuers are accepted. You must be running running Kubernetes v1.22 or later to be able to specify `--service-account-issuer` multiple times.

`--api-audiences`:
  * The service account token authenticator will validate that tokens used against the API are bound to at least one of these audiences.

Author: yes, @liggitt  this is helpful for the readers, and I think the same thing that @sftim mentioned.
so I will update it soon.
Thanks.

* `--service-account-signing-key-file`
* `--api-audiences` (can be omitted)

> To enable non-disruptive change of issuer we can specify `--service-account-issuer` flag multiple times to `kube-apiserver` for k8s v1.22 and later versions.
> 
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< /note >}}

You can specify the `--service-account-issuer` argument multiple times. This can be useful to
enable a non-disruptive change of the key for an issuer.
You must be running running Kubernetes v1.22 or later to be able to specify
`--service-account-issuer` multiple times`.
```

_Is that true?_ How does that work if there are two different keys / signing keys?

Author: Hi, @sftim thanks for looking at this. I will modify this according to your suggestion soon.

> _Is that true?_ How does that work if there are two different keys / signing keys?

Yes, it is true.  It was merged in k8s v1.22. See this [PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/101155)  for more information.

Author: Hi @sftim 
I have Addressed the comment, please take a look.

Thanks
